I want to work on my project TASMIYA ENTERPRISE whose backend will be completely based on (php) LARAVEL and front end will be based on html and css,
 and javascript. and for RDBMS will will use mysql and i will test it on XAMMP on my pc until it is complete. and demo is done.
 then i may get it live on a domain.
i want to use maximum/most/all features of laravel in the project. and in the process i will learn alot too. for that i will need your help,
 about how to ? whys ? whats ? whens ? etc with flow charts and reasoning in separate files so that i can learn from it too instead of just
 having the code ready by you. i want this project to be soo presentable that it should get me a job easily, representing my skills and craft 
and experiecne.
Now as the name Enterprises shows that this will be a group of companies... the Tasmiya Enterprises main core represents the CEO Mr Atif Safdar
 who is related to FBR Taxation field, in pakistan lahore, sale tax, gsts, property tax, general tax etc who gets people filer and saves them
 from getting over taxed by the governement. i hope you know have an idea... This page, section will have a call to action button of 
"GET FILER NOW" / "Lets have a Discussion". Tag line Lets Be Money Smart.
Second idea/sector/portion/Services Dimension of Tasmiya Enterprises would be that also comes under the umbrella of Tasmiya Enterprises 
but mainly deals in IT exports providing services like Web Apps development, Website Development, Website Desgining, Online/Social Media Marketing,
 Account Managing, Online Growth/Brand Creation/Promotion Expert, Ai Powered Graphic Photo Maniuplation, Ai Videos Genearation Expert etc led by 
Mr Waseem Asghar and Ans Khan. This page, section will have a call to action button of "GET a Quote NOW" / "Lets Discuss your Idea" with tag lines:
 If you can think it, we can build it.
Third idea/sector/portion/Services Dimension of Tasmiya Enterprises would be that also comes under the umbrella of Tasmiya Enterprises but mainly 
deals in providing Manual/Physical/Technical Suppoort and services online and offline. Mostly like Installation/Configuration Services. providing 
services like Cameras/Network/DVR/NVR/Door Locks/Sensor Lights/Bank Alarms/Timers/Sensors/ Electric Wiring/Facial Recognition Devices/Locks/Automatic
 Doors/Solar System Installation, Management, Configuration, Repairing, Service time to time checking, Maintainence, Providing services to homes,
 housing  societies, firms, factories, offices, clubs, gymnasims. 
This page, section will have a call to action button of "WAnt a Quotation ? " / "Hire a PROfessional ! " with tag lines: "Let Technology do the 
Work for you". led by Mr Nazim Rauf with vast experience of working all over the country in different cities with both military and private 
contractors and public masses. should have a big testimonials section with logos, or previous work completion pictures, or videos of happy 
satisfied customers and use of multiple trust brands like hikvision,zkt etc . 
As i said, i want maximum laravel features in it so i want to use Profiles for each member of the Enterprises, 4 in total but incase we want
 to increase them in future,  
like on home page we have a section for team member and then if clicked on we are lead to a separate page which is the profile of each member 
which shows the details for whom the specialtiy of that specific team member is. 
it should not only be about the company it self but also the team members should have great part/importance on the website like their presentation 
on main page and separate pages for themselves as well one part linking to other.  a good interactive website with different themes for each 
memebers/profile. for example, Atif Safdar is a tax agent/lawyer so his page should have some graphics picture, effects, colors related to his field.

Nazim Rauf is from Different field so his pages image/theme should be purely dedicated to his field of work and similarly, Waseem Asghar and 
Ans Khans profiles should has disntch design related to their field of work... Showcasing the talent of web development, webdesigning, and 
their skill set just by the glance of the website as well.
All steps need to be followed... i have yet to create a git repository etc. i want to work step by step under your guidance, as if you are a 
senior software engineering and i am a new intern who needs proper guidance and notes at each turn.
We need to use all features like: Auth for login for admin and other team members so that they can sign in and change something in their 
respective profiles if they want liket their photos. no one user can enter/edit  into other users profitles or edit them. only admin or super 
user will have that authority.  we will use google drive integration so that users can upload or change their images in their profiles and 
we will keep the login signup hidden so nobody other than members who know the url can try to signup or login. will will use a payment gateway 
of visa/mastercard so that if someone likes or decides to work with use he can pay half or decided amount in advance. and we will integrate
 whatsapp as well so a signle click and connect the audience to respective team member whose specialties are required/hired.so multiple whatsnumbers
 one for each member on his respective page/profitle under the call to action button. 
we will use middlewares, webhooks, apis, web sockets, etc and for each feature we will put a use . for example i donot know how to use the 
websockets/webhooks but i want to experience it and learn it so i need to implement it in my website some howm no matter how small the feature
 is but we need to implement it... i hope that covers it all, but above all i need your suggestions as well, a number of readme files for 
achitecture, code, comments, implementation guide etc. educational content made by you, that explains everything happening in this very project.
 if i missed something that should be in here please suggest me , i would love to hear. and add and improvise. 
and before beginning i would want you to jott down all my points and requirements like have a proper documentation of my wants and needs 
that we need to work on so nothing /no details gets missed and i donot have to explain again and agian. we will build a good looking interactive
 website if you want tot add some sections you are welcome to do so like testimonials and experience or clients or previous projects section 
different for each member. carosels, hero sections, etc header and footers are always the same right. 